QUARKUS-6264 - bump kafka clients to 4.0.0 (#256)
quarkus-qe/quarkus-test-plans: QUARKUS-6264.md

# QUARKUS-6264 - Bump kafka-clients from 3.9.0 to 4.0.0

JIRA: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/QUARKUS-6264

Upstream PRs:
    - https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/pull/47108

> This change bumps kafka-client dependencies to new mayor version 4.0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change bumps kafka-client dependencies to the new major version 4.0.0
```

## Getting familiar with the issue
In quarkus ecosystem kafka-clients is available indirectly via `quarkus-messaging-kafka` or`quarkus-kafka-client`.
Quarkus' changelog and migration guide does not state any new features or notable changes related to this bump.

> Also, kafka's [release announcement](https://kafka.apache.org/blog#apache_kafka_400_release_announcement),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, Kafka's [release announcement](https://kafka.apache.org/blog#apache_kafka_400_release_announcement),
```

[release notes](https://archive.apache.org/dist/kafka/4.0.0/RELEASE_NOTES.html) and

> [upgrade guide](https://kafka.apache.org/40/documentation.html#upgrade) doesn't state changes significant for us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[upgrade guide](https://kafka.apache.org/40/documentation.html#upgrade) don't state changes significant for us.
```

For kafka-clients There are a lot of internal implementation changes, requirement for java 11, but very little changes that would be notable for users in Quarkus.

## Scope of testing
Main goal of this testing is to check for regressions related with this dependency update.
Since no notable changes are expected no new tests should be required.

> Updating kafka to new mayor version should also be done in `quarkus-test-framework`, by bumping kafka broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updating Kafka to the new major version should also be done in `quarkus-test-framework`, by bumping the Kafka broker.
```

This might lead to problems requiring changes in FW/TS to work correctly or expose problems with compatibility.

## Existing test coverage.

> Our test suite already has significant test coverage in several `messaging/kafka-*` modules.

Reviewer: In OpenShift testing - do we depend on Strimzi or Streams for Apache Kafka product?

Reviewer: https://github.com/quarkus-qe/quarkus-test-suite/blob/main/messaging/kafka-streams-reactive-messaging/src/test/java/io/quarkus/ts/messaging/kafka/reactive/streams/OperatorOpenShiftAmqStreamsKafkaStreamIT.java
https://github.com/quarkus-qe/quarkus-test-suite/blob/main/pom.xml#L807

Product is also test, you will need to look into TS adjustments too.
